[TASK] Add a "Quick start" tutorial for contributors (DevDays) (#345)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-ContributionWorkflow: Documentation/Quickstart/2-Accounts.rst

:navigation-title: Accounts

> .. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
> 
> .. index::
>    single: Accounts
> 
> .. _quickstart-accounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt

..  index::
    single: Accounts

..  _quickstart-accounts:
```

Quick Start: Accounts needed
============================

..  rst-class:: bignums-xxl

1.  My TYPO3 (`https://my.typo3.org`__)

    Vital account! Acts as a Single Sign On (SSO) provider for
    several other services. See :ref:`TYPO3Account`.

2.  Gerrit (`https://review.typo3.org`__)

    The code review system that is used for your code contributions.
    There, all patches are commented and voted/approved/rejected.

>     You login here via the `My TYPO3` SSO account and need to upload
>     your SSH public key here. See :ref:`GerritAccount`.

Reviewer: Two `here` in one sentence. What about?

```suggestion
    First login via the `My TYPO3` SSO account. Afterwards you need to upload
    your SSH public key here. See :ref:`GerritAccount`.
```
